STOCKS AND BONDS
ARE MOVING HIGHER.
GOOD DAY, I'M--
MONICA, WHY ARE WE
WATCHING THE BUSINESS CHANNEL?
OH, BECAUSE I WAS GOING
BY THE OTHER DAY
AND I SAW THAT THERE WAS A STOCK
WITH MY INITIALS-- M.E.G.
SOMETIMES I HAVE TO WATCH FOR
HOURS BEFORE IT COMES UP AGAIN
BUT WHEN IT DOES,
IT'S PRETTY EXCITING.
HMM... OKAY, HONEY,
YOU REALLY NEED A JOB.
MON, I'M SPEAKING WITH DAD
HE SAYS HE KNOWS SOMEONE
YOU CAN CALL
FOR AN INTERVIEW.
OKAY, RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S THE THIRD SIGN TODAY,
RIGHT THERE.
ON BEHALF OF EVERYONE,
I'D JUST LIKE TO SAY, "HEH?"
'CAUSE YOU JUST SAID
"DAD."
AND EVERYWHERE I GO TODAY,
I KEEP GETTING SIGNS
TELLING ME TO GO SEE MY FATHER.
LIKE,
WHEN I WAS WALKING OVER HERE
AND I PASSED A BUFFET.
WHICH IS MY FATHER'S LAST NAME.
AH!
OH!
AND THEY WERE SERVING FRANKS--
HIS FIRST NAME,
MINUS THE "S" AT THE END.
AH!
YES.
AND THERE WAS A ROTISSERIE
WITH A SPINNING CHICKEN.
HIS INDIAN NAME?
NO, BECAUSE I CHICKENED OUT
THE LAST TIME
WHEN I TRIED TO MEET HIM.
SO, I MEAN, COINCIDENCES?
I DON'T THINK SO.
FREAKY.
WEIRD.
EERIE.
OKAY, SO WHO WANTS
THE LAST HAMBURGER?
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
NOW I HAVE TO GO SEE HIM.
WHY?
HAMBURGER.
McDONALD'S.
OLD McDONALD HAD A FARM.
MY DAD WAS A PHARMACIST.
OHH!
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
MAN, I AM SO BEAT.
OH, YEAH.
HEY, YOU WANT TO JUST
FORGET ABOUT RACQUETBALL
AND HANG OUT HERE?
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
HEY, YOU'RE IN OUR SEATS.
OH, SORRY,
WE DIDN'T KNOW.
HEY, WE WERE
SITTING THERE.
OKAY, THERE IS ONE MORE WAY
TO SAY IT.
WHO KNOWS IT?
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO BE FUNNY?
NO, ACTUALLY, I WAS
JUST GOING FOR COLORFUL.
WHAT'S WITH THIS GUY?
WHAT'S WITH YOU?
UH... NOTHING.
NOTHING'S WITH HIM.
ENJOY YOUR COFFEE.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
I JUST TOOK YOUR HAT.
SEE, I CAN BE FUNNY TOO.
MY JOKE IS THAT
I TOOK YOUR HAT.
THAT... THAT...
THAT IS FUNNY.
CAN I HAVE IT BACK?
NO.
NO?
OKAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK YOU'VE VERY FUNNY.
KUDOS ON THAT HAT JOKE.
BUT COME ON, GUYS.
JUST GIVE HIM BACK THE HAT.
WHY SHOULD WE?
BECAUSE IT'S A SPECIAL HAT.
SEE, HE BOUGHT IT
BECAUSE HE WAS FEELING
REALLY DOWN ONE DAY.
SO HE GOT THE HAT
TO CHEER HIMSELF UP, YOU KNOW?
NOW, CHANDLER,
YOU WOULDN'T--
STOP TALKING.
STOP TALKING NOW.
LET ME GET
THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY
STEALING MY HAT?
YOU GOT A PROBLEM
WITH THAT?
NO, JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
WE'RE ON THE SAME PAGE.
HEY, HOW DID
THE INTERVIEW GO?
IT BIT.
IT WAS A '50s
THEME RESTAURANT.
I'D HAVE TO COOK
IN A COSTUME
AND DANCE
ON THE COUNTER.
I WAS A SOUS-CHEF
AT CAFE DES ARTISTES.
HOW COULD I TAKE
A JOB
WHERE I HAVE TO MAKE
"LAVERNE & CURLY FRIES"?
SO DON'T DO IT.
HOW CAN I NOT DO IT?
I HAVE $127 IN THE BANK!
MONICA, RELAX.
GO GET A BEER.
I DON'T WANT A BEER!
WHO SAID IT WAS FOR YOU?
HI.
WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU?
THESE MEAN GUYS
AT THE COFFEE HOUSE TOOK MY HAT.
NO!
YOU'RE KIDDING.
Ross:
IT WAS RIDICULOUS.
YOU KNOW,
THESE GUYS WERE BULLIES.
ACTUAL BULLIES, YOU KNOW?
WE'RE GROWN-UPS.
THIS KIND OF STUFF ISN'T
SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN ANYMORE.
OHH!
OH, NO, WAIT A MINUTE
I HAVE NO ONE.
LET'S GO DOWN THERE
AND GET YOUR HAT BACK.
AH, FORGET IT.
IT'S PROBABLY STRIPPED
AND SOLD FOR PARTS BY NOW.
HEY!
I WENT UP.
WHAT?
MY STOCK.
M.E.G. IT WENT UP TWO POINTS.
DO YOU REALIZE THAT
IF I HAD INVESTED MY $127
IN MYSELF YESTERDAY
THAT I'D, LIKE, HAVE...
A LOT MORE THAN THAT TODAY?
I'M GOING TO DO IT.
DO WHAT?
PUT ALL MY MONEY IN ME.
YOU DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT
THE STOCK MARKET.
WHAT'S TO KNOW?
BUY! SELL!
HIGH! LOW! BEARS! BULLS!
YES, MANHATTAN.
YEAH, TELEPHONE NUMBER
OF THE STOCK...
SELLING...
STORE.
SEE? DIDN'T I TELL YOU
THESE PILLOWS
WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA?
OH, GOD.
HERE WE GO.
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE
I'M GOING TO SAY,
"HI, BIRTH FATHER."
WE LOVE YOU.
WE'RE HERE FOR YOU.
GOOD LUCK.
THANKS.
HEY, RACH,
YOU WANT SOME SANDWICH?
OH! WHAT IS IN THAT?
OLIVE LOAF
AND HAM SPREAD, NO MAYO.
NO, NO, WITH MAYO
THAT WOULD
MAKE IT GROSS.
( barking )
HEY! NO!
OH! OH!
RUN, PHOEBE!
NO, DOGGIE! NO, PLEASE!
I DO SO WANT
TO LOVE ALL ANIMALS.
PLEASE, NO!
A BONE!
YOU GOT A BONE?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
LOOK! KIBBLES! BITS! LET GO!
GET THE HELL OFF MY LEG
YOU YIPPITY PIECE OF CRAP!
( barking )
OHH!
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
WHY DON'T YOU REACH OUT
AND TAKE HIS TRAMPOLINE?
Rachel:
OKAY, HERE,
I KNOW WHAT WE CAN DO.
HEY, NO!
OKAY, DOGGIE!
GET THE... GET THE SANDWICH!
OKAY.
GET THE SANDWICH, DOGGIE!
GOOD DOGGIE!
GET THE SANDWICH!
JOEY, THE DOG
WILL LICK HIMSELF
BUT HE WILL NOT
TOUCH YOUR SANDWICH.
WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU?
IF HE'S NOT GONNA
EAT IT, I WILL.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
PHEEBS, HE'S
JUST A LITTLE DOG.
( screaming )
( barking )
HEY.
WHAT?
DO YOU HAVE TO
BE A CENTURY 21
REAL ESTATE AGENT
TO GET TO WEAR THOSE
REALLY COOL JACKETS?
DO YOU SAY
THIS STUFF TO GIRLS?
HEY, ISN'T THAT THE GUY
WHO USED TO WEAR YOUR HAT?
AND LOOK WHERE
THEY'RE SITTING.
YOU'RE JOKING, RIGHT?
YOU GUYS JUST
WALKED THROUGH THE DOOR.
MAYBE WE DIDN'T
MAKE IT CLEAR ENOUGH.
YEAH.
THIS COUCH
BELONGS TO US.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
YOU CALL THE COUCH
AND THEN...
AND THEN WE'LL CALL THE COUCH...
AND WE'LL SEE
WHO IT COMES TO.
YOU KNOW WHAT
I KEEP WONDERING?
WHY YOU TWO
ARE STILL SITTING HERE.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT!
I HAVE HAD ENOUGH
OF THIS, ALL RIGHT?
GUNTHER!
THESE GUYS ARE TRYING
TO TAKE OUR SEATS.
FELLAS
THESE GUYS WERE HERE FIRST.
OH, SORRY,
DIDN'T REALIZE.
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU, GUNTHER.
WE DIDN'T WANT
TO HAVE TO GO AND DO THAT.
HE TOLD ON US?
YOU TOLD ON US?
WELL, PAL,
YOU DIDN'T
GIVE ME MUCH
OF A CHOICE.
DON'T PLAY
WITH HIS THING.
I KNOW.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S
TAKE THIS OUTSIDE.
"LET'S...
LET'S TAKE THIS OUTSIDE"?
WHO TALKS LIKE THAT?
A GUY WHO'S ABOUT
TO KICK YOUR ASS
TALKS LIKE THAT.
YOU HAD TO ASK.
YEAH.
OKAY, OKAY, LOOK.
SEE, THE THING IS
WE'RE... WE'RE NOT
GOING TO FIGHT YOU GUYS.
THEN HERE'S THE DEAL.
YOU WON'T HAVE TO
SO LONG AS YOU NEVER
EVER SHOW YOUR FACES
IN THIS COFFEE HOUSE
EVER AGAIN.
I THINK YOU PLAYED
THE GUNTHER CARD TOO SOON.
HEY, PHEEBS, I THINK
YOU'RE GOOD TO GO.
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I JUST THINK THAT
THIS WAS A REALLY BAD SIGN.
I MEAN, LIKE,
"THE BEAST AT THE THRESHOLD."
IT'S JUST, I HAVE,
LIKE, NO FAMILY LEFT.
I MEAN,
EXCEPT FOR MY GRANDMOTHER.
BUT LET'S FACE IT
SHE'S NOT GOING
TO BE AROUND FOREVER.
DESPITE WHAT SHE SAYS.
AND I HAVE A SISTER
WHO I'VE BARELY SPOKEN TO
SINCE WE, LIKE, SHARED A WOMB.
YOU KNOW? I DON'T KNOW.
THIS IS MY REAL FATHER.
AND I JUST... I WANT THINGS
TO BE, LIKE, JUST RIGHT.
YEAH, PHOEBE, I
COMPLETELY UNDERSTAND.
YEAH, WHATEVER YOU NEED.
HEY, YOU WANT TO GO HOME?
OKAY, THANKS. SORRY AGAIN.
( yelping )
WHAT WAS THAT?
UH...
I'M GUESSING
THE THRESHOLD'S CLEAR NOW.
I WANT TO BUY FIVE SHARES
OF S.G.J.
AND I WANT THEM NOW.
TIME IS MONEY,
MY FRIEND.
THANK YOU.
WHOO!
"TIME IS MONEY, MY FRIEND"?
YEAH. YOU MISSED
"TAKES MONEY TO MAKE MONEY"
AND "DON'T MAKE ME
COME DOWN THERE
AND KICK
YOUR WALL-STREET BUTT."
HEY, I MADE $17
BEFORE BREAKFAST.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
WELL, I HAD BREAKFAST HERE.
SO, TECHNICALLY, I SAVED 3.50.
HOW DID YOU MAKE $17?
WELL, MY FINANCIALLY CHALLENGED
FRIENDS, I SPLIT MY MONEY
AND I BOUGHT SOME SHARES
OF C.H.P. AND Z.X.Y.
HOW COME THOSE?
WELL, C.H.P.
'CAUSE I USED TO HAVE A CRUSH
ON ERIK ESTRADA.
AND Z.X.Y.,
BECAUSE I THINK IT SOUNDS ZEXY.
WHAT HAPPENED TO M.E.G.?
M.E.G. WAS GOOD FOR ME,
BUT I DUMPED HER.
YOU KNOW, MY MOTTO IS
"GET OUT
BEFORE THEY GO DOWN."
THAT IS SO
NOT MY MOTTO.
HEY.
Rachel:
HEY, PHEEBS.
OH, HEY,
HOW'S THE DOG?
I TALKED TO THE VET.
PEOPLE ARE SO NICE UPSTATE.
ANYWAY, HE SAID THE LITTLE
FELLA'S GOING TO BE OKAY
AND I CAN PICK HIM UP
TOMORROW.
OH, GOOD.
THANK GOD.
BUT HE DID HAVE TO HAVE,
LIKE, A BUNCH OF STITCHES
AND HE SAID THAT
ONLY ONCE IN A BLUE MOON
DOES A DOG'S EAR GROW BACK.
SO, STILL HOPING.
( nervous laughter )
OKAY, SO, PHOEBE
NOW ARE YOU GOING
TO CALL YOUR DAD
TO LET HIM KNOW
THAT HIS DOG IS OKAY?
I... I DON'T WANT TO MEET
MY FATHER OVER THE PHONE.
WHAT AM I GOING TO SAY?
LIKE, "HI. I'M PHOEBE,
THE DAUGHTER YOU ABANDONED.
OH, BY THE WAY,
I BROKE YOUR DOG."
WELL, HEY, PHEEBS,
IF YOU WANT, I'LL DO IT.
OKAY.
LISTEN, JUST DON'T
SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT ME, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
DON'T!
BE TOO LONG WITH THE PHONE.
OKAY, SHE'LL BE
A MUCH BETTER FRIEND
ONCE THE MARKET CLOSES.
( whispering ):
IT'S A WOMAN.
SO, TALK TO HER.
( deep voice ):
UH... HELLO, MRS. BUFFAY.
I KNOW WHERE YOUR DOG IS
AND I WANT YOU TO KNOW,
HE'LL BE RETURNED TO YOU
ALMOST AS GOOD AS NEW
WITHIN... WITHIN 24 HOURS.
GOOD-BYE.
WHY THE VOICE?
HARD TO SAY.
YOUR CAPPUCCINO, SIR.
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW,
I THINK THIS IS
MUCH BETTER THAN
THE COFFEE HOUSE.
ABSOLUTELY.
HOW COME IT'S NOT MIXING
WITH THE WATER?
THE PACKAGE SAYS
YOU HAVE TO CONSTANTLY
KEEP IT MOVING.
STIR AND DRINK.
NEVER LET IT SETTLE.
HEY, THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT,
AFTER I GET BACK
FROM MY NIECE'S CHRISTENING
I'LL GO DOWN
TO THE COFFEE HOUSE WITH YOU
AND WE'LL ALL HAVE
A NICE CUP OF COFFEE, ALL RIGHT?
NO PROBLEM.
JOEY'S THERE.
OKAY.
NO.
NO?
I DON'T WANT TO HAVE
TO HAVE JOEY WITH ME
EVERY TIME I WANT
A DECENT CUP OF COFFEE
AND I DON'T WANT TO SPEND
THE REST OF MY LIFE
DRINKING CAPPUCCINO
WITH A "K".
I SAY YOU AND I
GO BACK THERE
AND STAND UP TO THOSE GUYS.
ALL RIGHT. HANG ON
A SECOND THERE, CUSTER.
REALLY. ROSS, HAVE YOU EVER
BEEN BEATEN UP BEFORE?
YEAH, SURE.
BY SOMEONE BESIDES MONICA?
NO.
SO WHAT?
SO WHAT IF WE GET BEATEN UP?
MAYBE THAT'S JUST SOMETHING
EVERY MAN HAS TO GO THROUGH
ONCE IN HIS LIFE.
LIKE A RITE OF PASSAGE
OR SOMETHING.
WELL, COULDN'T WE JUST LOSE
OUR VIRGINITIES AGAIN?
YOU KNOW, BECAUSE I THINK,
ACTUALLY, MINE'S GROWING BACK.
NEED TO BORROW
A HUNDRED BUCKS.
WHAT?
HI. WELCOME HOME.
I NEED TO BORROW
A HUNDRED BUCKS.
FOR WHAT?
I GOT TO GET BACK
IN THE GAME.
WHEN DID YOU GET OUT
OF THE GAME?
I DON'T KNOW.
I LOST IT ALL, OKAY?
I LOST IT.
OH, NO.
HEY, I'VE COME
TO TERMS WITH IT.
YOU HAVE TO TOO.
OKAY.
LOOK, UH...
MON, I'M-I'M REALLY SORRY.
WHERE ARE WE
ON THE HUNDRED BUCKS?
I DON'T HAVE IT.
BUT I NEED IT!
OTHERWISE, I'M GOING
TO HAVE TO TAKE
THAT HORRIBLE DINER JOB.
YOU KNOW, WITH THE DANCING
AND THE COSTUMES.
I DON'T WANT TO HAVE
TO WEAR FLAME-RETARDANT BOOBS.
NOBODY DOES, HONEY.
HI.
SHNOODLE!
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED
TO MY DOG?
WELL, IT WAS
AN ACCIDENT
AND, YOU KNOW, THE
WOMAN WHO DID THIS
WOULD NEVER EVER HURT
A DOG ON PURPOSE.
SHE'S A VEGETARIAN.
WHAT ARE THESE?
STITCHES?
YEAH, EIGHT OF THEM.
AND THAT'S 56 TO HIM.
YOU KNOW, ALSO,
IF IT'S RAINING
YOU CAN'T LET HIM
LOOK UP TOO LONG
'CAUSE THAT CONE'LL
FILL UP REALLY FAST.
YEAH. WELL, THANKS
FOR BRINGING BACK
WHAT'S LEFT OF HIM.
IS FRANK HOME?
HOW DO YOU KNOW FRANK?
JUST FROM A LONG TIME AGO.
IS HE HERE?
YEAH.
FRANK?
Frank:
YEAH?
WHAT?
OH, OKAY.
UM, I MEAN FRANK, SR.
HE WENT OUT
FOR GROCERIES.
SO WILL HE BE BACK SOON?
WELL,
HE LEFT FOUR YEARS AGO
SO WE'RE EXPECTING HIM BACK
ANY MINUTE NOW.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M-I'M GOING TO GO.
I'M SORRY...
ABOUT THE DOG, EVERYTHING.
I'M SORRY.
HEY, LADY.
HEY, WAIT UP.
( clears throat )
HOW DO YOU KNOW MY DAD?
UM, WELL, I DON'T REALLY.
JUST GENETICALLY.
HE'S KIND OF MY DAD TOO.
HEAVY.
YEAH.
SO, UM... DID HE EVER TALK
ABOUT ME-- PHOEBE?
NAH, BUT HE DIDN'T REALLY
TALK ABOUT ANYTHING.
OH.
EXCEPT STILTS.
STILTS?
YEAH. HE LOVED STILTS.
THIS ONE TIME I WAS UPSTAIRS.
I WAS STEALING CIGARETTES
OUT OF MY MOM'S PURSE
AND, UH, ALL OF A SUDDEN,
I LOOK OVER
AND THERE'S MY DAD'S HEAD
BOBBING PAST THE WINDOW.
HE JUST HAD
THIS BIG SMILE ON HIS FACE
AND HE WAS WAVING,
'CAUSE HE WAS ALWAYS HAPPIEST
WHEN HE WAS ON HIS STILTS.
WOW.
YEAH.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO DO WITH THAT.
ME NEITHER.
( both laughing )
SO, YOU'RE, LIKE,
MY BIG SISTER?
YEAH.
THIS IS HUGE.
YOU CAN BUY ME BEER.
I'M NOT GONNA.
OH.
BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT'S COOL?
IF YOU HAD
A FRIEND NAMED PETE
THEN I COULD SAY,
"YEAH, I KNOW PETE.
HE'S FRIENDS
WITH MY BROTHER."
I GOT A FRIEND NAMED MARK.
THAT'LL WORK TOO.
COOL. ALL RIGHT.
SO... MAYBE, YOU KNOW
I CAN GIVE YOU
A CALL SOMETIME.
WE COULD TALK OR SOMETHING.
YEAH. THAT'D BE OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M IN THE BOOK.
OKAY, YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
SO, UM, STILTS, HUH?
YEAH. IF YOU WANT
I CAN TAKE YOU AROUND BACK
AND SHOW YOU WHERE HE HIT
HIS HEAD ON THE RAIN GUTTER.
OKAY.
WELL, WE DID IT.
WE'RE HERE.
WE ARE STANDING OUR GROUND.
HOW LONG DOES A CUP
OF COFFEE TAKE?
WOULD YOU COME ON?!
COME ON!
THANK YOU.
WELL, THERE WE GO.
I THINK WE PROVED OUR POINT.
YOU BURN YOUR MOUTH?
CANNOT FEEL MY TONGUE.
BULLIES. BIG BULLIES.
OH, LOOK WHO'S HERE.
IT'S THE WEENIES.
DID WE NOT MAKE OURSELVES CLEAR
THE OTHER DAY?
YEAH, AND THAT'S
WHY WE'RE HERE.
YES. WE'RE STANDING
OUR GROUND.
APPARENTLY.
LET'S DO THIS.
WHAT DO YOU GOT?
A WEAPON?
IT'S A NICE WATCH.
I DON'T WANT TO BREAK IT
ON YOUR RIBS
ALL RIGHT, LET'S DO THIS.
QUESTION.
IF I DON'T CARE ABOUT MY WATCH
CAN I USE IT AS A WEAPON?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, IT'S SHARP.
IT'S METAL.
I THINK I CAN DO SOME
YOU KNOW,
SERIOUS DAMAGE WITH IT.
NO, YOU CAN'T USE
YOUR WATCH.
OKAY.
OR YOUR KEYS.
LOOK, HERE'S WHAT WE'LL DO.
WE'LL PUT ALL
KEYS AND WATCHES
IN THE HAT OVER THERE.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT,
COME ON, MAN!
LET'S DO THIS ALREADY!
BEFORE I FORGET,
ARE WE HITTING FACES?
OF COURSE WE'RE HITTING FACES.
WHY WOULDN'T YOU HIT FACES?
WELL, BECAUSE I HAVE
TO WORK ON MONDAY.
I HAVE A BIG PRESENTATION.
YOU KNOW, I GOT TO SHOW
THIS APARTMENT TOMORROW
AND, YOU KNOW,
THIS NO-FACES THING
MIGHT NOT BE A BAD IDEA.
OKAY. NOTHING
FROM THE NECK UP.
ALL RIGHT.
OR THE WAIST DOWN.
DANA'S OVULATING.
OH REALLY,
YOU GUYS TRYING AGAIN?
YEAH.
SO LET ME
JUST GET THIS STRAIGHT.
SO, WE'RE STRICTLY TALKING
ABOUT THE MIDDLE?
COME ON!
YOU WANT SOME
OF THIS, HUH?!
YOU WANT A PIECE
OF THIS, HUH?
I'M STANDING HERE!
HEY, HEY! THOSE GUYS
ARE TAKING OUR STUFF!
WHERE?!
GET OUT OF THE WAY!
LOOK OUT!
GOD! THAT WAS AMAZING.
THAT WAS INCREDIBLE.
YOU GUYS KICKED BUTT.
US? WHAT ABOUT
YOU GUYS?
MAN, YOU REALLY
GAVE IT TO OL' MR.
CLEAN BACK THERE.
HE WAS A BIG GUY.
YEAH, HE WAS, WASN'T HE?
I WOULDN'T KNOW,
HAVING MISSED EVERYTHING.
DON'T DO THAT TO YOURSELF.
ANYONE OF US
COULD HAVE TRIPPED OVER
THAT LITTLE GIRL'S
JUMP ROPE.
SO, LISTEN, GUYS, ARE WE, UH...
ARE WE OKAY HERE?
WE'RE OKAY.
OKAY. SO, CAN I
HAVE MY HAT BACK?
NO.
HUH.
LOOK AT HER.
HI, MONICA.
Joey:
HOW'S IT GOING?
HEY, NICE BOOBS.
Chandler:
GUYS, GUYS
CHECK THIS OUT.
( "Y.M.C.A." by
The Village People playing )
♪ Young man ♪
♪ there's no need to feel down ♪
♪ I said, young man,
pick yourself off the ground ♪
♪ I said, young man... ♪
Joey:
EXCELLENT. EXCELLENT.
♪ there's no need
to be unhappy ♪
♪ It's fun to stay
at the Y.M.C.A. ♪